Remove API UI doc (#2586)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/getting-started.rst

    # service wazuh-api start/status/stop/restart

.. _api_log_in:

Logging into the API
--------------------

> Wazuh API endpoints require authentication in order to be used. Therefore, all calls must include a JSON Web Token. JWT is an open standard (RFC 7519) that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. Follow the steps below to get a token in order to run any endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh API endpoints require authentication in order to be used. Therefore, all calls must include a JSON Web Token. JWT is an open standard (RFC 7519) that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. Follow the steps below to log in and obtain a token in order to run any endpoint:
```

> 1. Use the cURL command to get the JWT token. Replace <user> and <password> with yours. By default, the user is ``wazuh`` and the password is ``wazuh``.  If ``SSL`` (https) is enabled in the API and it is using the default **self-signed certificates**, it will be necessary to add the parameter ``-k``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the cURL command to log in, the API will provide a JWT token upon sucess. Replace <user> and <password> with yours. By default, the user is ``wazuh`` and the password is ``wazuh``. If ``SSL`` (https) is enabled in the API and it is using the default **self-signed certificates**, it will be necessary to add the parameter ``-k``.
```

Conclusion
^^^^^^^^^^

> We hope those examples have helped you to appreciate the potential of the Wazuh API. Remember to check out the :ref:`reference <api_reference>` document to discover all the available API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope the provided examples have helped you to appreciate the potential of the Wazuh API. Remember to check out the :ref:`reference <api_reference>` document to discover all the available API requests.
```
